[2.5] Adding the sensor decorator and other small updates (#1615)
astronomer/docs: learn/what-is-a-sensor.md

    start_date=datetime(2022, 12, 1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False
):

    # supply inputs to the BaseSensorOperator parameters in the decorator
    @task.sensor(
        poke_interval=30,
        timeout=3600,
        mode="poke"
    )
    def check_shibe_availability() -> PokeReturnValue:

        r = requests.get("http://shibe.online/api/shibes?count=1&urls=true")
        print(r.status_code)

        # set the condition to True if the API response was 200
        if r.status_code == 200:
            condition_met=True
            operator_return_value=r.json()
        else:
            condition_met=False
            operator_return_value=None
            print(f"Shibe URL returned the status code {r.status_code}")

        # the function has to return a PokeReturnValue
        # if is_done = True the sensor will exit successfully, if is_done=False, the sensor will either poke or be rescheduled
        return PokeReturnValue(is_done=condition_met, xcom_value=operator_return_value)

    # print the URL to the picture
    @task
    def print_shibe_picture_url(url):
        print(url)

    print_shibe_picture_url(check_shibe_availability())
```

> In the DAG the `@task.sensor` decorator turns the `check_shibe_availability()` function into a sensor which will check if the provided API returns the status code 200. If yes the sensor task is marked as successful, if any other status code is returned, the sensor will poke again after the `poke_interval` has passed.
> The optional `xcom_value` parameter of the `PokeReturnValue` defines what data will be pushed to [XCom](airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md) once the condition provided to the `is_done` parameter is True. In the example above, the information returned by the API is pushed to XCom to be accessed by the downstream task `print_shibe_picture_url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `@task.sensor` decorates the `check_shibe_availability()` function, which checks if a given API returns a 200 status code. If the API returns a 200 status code, the sensor task is marked as successful. If any other status code is returned, the sensor pokes again after the `poke_interval` has passed.

The optional `xcom_value` parameter in `PokeReturnValue` defines what data will be pushed to [XCom](airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md) once the `is_done=true`. You can use this data in any downstream tasks.
```
